Main Module:
1. Call the parse file module
2. Free up memory and close the file stream.
3. Print all stats

Parse File Module:
1. Parse command line
	a. Set replacement policy based on first arg, default value is FIFO
	b. Set page size based on third arg, default value is 4096
	c. Set real memory size based on fifth arg, default value is 1
	d. Set file name based on sixth arg, if the file name present throw an error
2. Need to parse file
	a. Open the file, check that it is not null, if null exit program and throw error
	b. Loop through file. Mark the start and end of each process aand then insert into data structure on first scan of file 
	c. If page fault, block until there are enough page frames available. Continue to process other unblocked processes

Page Table Module:
a. Implement a hash table to store Page structures
b. Adding from page table
	i. check if there is page fault or the read is successful (+1 ns)
	ii. if there is, send to disk queue otherwise add to table (+2 ms)
c. Removing from page table
	i. send to disk queue (+2 ms)

ScheduleAlgo Module:
a. LRU replacement
	i. Find page with lowest clock time in least recently used
b. FIFO replacement
	i. Find page with least amount of times accessed
c. Clock replacement
	i. Find page with a 0 clock bit, switching any from 1 to 0 along the way. If the end of the tree is reached, restart.

Swap Drive Module:
a. Queue
b. Added to the swap drive when there is a page fault. A page fault is when the max num of total nodes is reached and the vpn isnt already in the page table.
c. Pop from the top of the swap drive when the max node limit is reached. Replacement policy kicks out page, then swap drive page is added

Statistics Module - called constantly throughout main loop
a. Create a data structure that keeps track of: clock ticks, page frames occupied, number of processes, running, total number of memory references, total number of page faults 
b. Create a method that prints out these specific stats, calculated from the stored stats:
	Average Memory Utilization (AMU):
		For each clock tick, examine how many pages frames are occupied and average this over each clock tick that the simulator runs.
	Average Runable Processes (ARP):
		This value is an average of the number of processes that are running (or runable). This value is averaged over each clock tick for which the simulator runs.
	Total Memory References (TMR):
		This is simply a count of the total number of memory references in the trace file.
	Total Page Ins (TPI):
		This is the total number of page faults (resulting in disk transfers into memory).
	Running Time:
		This is the total number of clock ticks for the simulator run.